Cupid’s Matchmaker – TryHackMe Write-Up
Introduction
The Cupid’s Matchmaker room in TryHackMe is a beginner web security challenge that focuses on identifying and exploiting a Stored Cross-Site Scripting (Stored XSS) vulnerability. 
The challenge presents a matchmaking website where users answer a personality survey to find partners.
The goal of this room is to discover the vulnerability in the website and use it to capture the flag from the reviewer who checks the survey responses. 
This challenge helped me understand how attackers can exploit unsanitized user input in web applications.

Step 1: Deploying the Machine
I started by deploying the machine in TryHackMe. After the machine finished loading, the platform provided a target IP address.
To access the web application, I opened my browser and entered the given address.
This opened the Cupid’s Matchmaker website where the challenge takes place.

Step 2: Exploring the Website
When I first visited the website, I saw a simple Valentine-themed matchmaking service. 
The website allows users to fill out a personality survey where they can describe themselves and their interests.
After submitting the form, the website displays a message saying that a human matchmaker will review the submission. This hint suggested that an administrator or bot might open the submitted content later.
Since the site accepts user input and someone else reviews it, I suspected that the website might be vulnerable to Stored Cross-Site Scripting (XSS).

Step 3: Testing for XSS
To check if the website is vulnerable, I tried inserting a simple JavaScript payload into one of the form fields.
This type of script is commonly used to test whether a web application allows JavaScript to run from user input.
If the website does not filter the input properly, the script will execute when the page is viewed.

Step 4: Preparing a Listener
Since the goal is to capture the reviewer’s cookie, I needed a way to receive the data sent by the injected script.
I opened my terminal and started a netcat listener using the following command:
nc -lvnp 4444
This command waits for incoming connections on port 4444.

Step 5: Injecting the Malicious Payload
Next, I submitted the survey again, but this time I inserted a payload that sends the reviewer’s cookie to my machine.
This script works by:
Accessing the browser cookie using document.cookie
Sending the cookie to my machine through an HTTP request
Because the survey responses are stored on the server, the script will execute when the reviewer opens the submission.

Step 6: Capturing the Flag
After waiting for the reviewer bot to check the survey submission, my netcat listener received a request.
The request contained the cookie data from the reviewer’s browser, which included the flag.
I copied the flag and submitted it on TryHackMe to successfully complete the room.

Conclusion
The Cupid’s Matchmaker room teaches how Stored Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities work in web applications. 
When websites do not properly filter or sanitize user input, attackers can inject malicious scripts that run in another user’s browser.
Through this challenge, I learned the importance of:
-Validating and sanitizing user input
-Understanding how XSS attacks work
-Using tools like netcat to capture data during exploitation
